IfBasicJava/FindCubeofnaturalno.java
 IfBasicJava.FindCubeofnaturalno
enumDemo/EnumLearn.java
 enumDemo.EnumLearn
 enumDemo.EnumLearn$level
IfBasicJava/DaysInMonth.java
 IfBasicJava.DaysInMonth
InterfcaseExplore/BasicA.java
 InterfcaseExplore.BasicA
IfBasicJava/QuadredicEquation.java
 IfBasicJava.QuadredicEquation
IfBasicJava/SumOFNnumber.java
 IfBasicJava.SumOFNnumber
debugging/DebugLearn.java
 debugging.DebugLearn
streams/StreamByJavaToBlog.java
 streams.StreamByJavaToBlog
IfBasicJava/IfElseExcersize.java
 IfBasicJava.IfElseExcersize
IfBasicJava/OwelOrConsonent.java
 IfBasicJava.OwelOrConsonent
IfBasicJava/FloatingValuePN.java
 IfBasicJava.FloatingValuePN
IfBasicJava/GetweekDayByswitch.java
 IfBasicJava.GetweekDayByswitch
streams/Employee.java
 streams.Employee
streams/StreamGeneratemtd.java
 streams.StreamGeneratemtd
InterfcaseExplore/BasicB.java
 InterfcaseExplore.BasicB
FunctionalInterfaces/addition1.java
 FunctionalInterfaces.addition1
streams/StreamGetListOfEmployees.java
 streams.StreamGetListOfEmployees
IfBasicJava/GreatestNumber.java
 IfBasicJava.GreatestNumber
InterfcaseExplore/AccessA.java
 InterfcaseExplore.AccessA
streams/LambadaHelloWorldMain.java
 streams.LambadaHelloWorldMain
FunctionalInterfaces/Addition.java
 FunctionalInterfaces.Addition
streams/HelloWorld.java
 streams.HelloWorld
IfBasicJava/FloatingNocompare.java
 IfBasicJava.FloatingNocompare
streams/PrimitiveStream.java
 streams.PrimitiveStream
IfBasicJava/SumAndAvg5no.java
 IfBasicJava.SumAndAvg5no
IfBasicJava/LeapYear.java
 IfBasicJava.LeapYear
enumDemo/PureEnum.java
 enumDemo.PureEnum
streams/LearnStreams.java
 streams.LearnStreams
streams/StreamDemo.java
 streams.StreamDemo
FunctionalInterfaces/lengthcal.java
 FunctionalInterfaces.lengthcal
InterfcaseExplore/AccessB.java
 InterfcaseExplore.AccessB
IfBasicJava/TableOfGivenNO.java
 IfBasicJava.TableOfGivenNO
IfBasicJava/Oldnumandsum.java
 IfBasicJava.Oldnumandsum
IfBasicJava/RightTriangleFrominputno.java
 IfBasicJava.RightTriangleFrominputno
IfBasicJava/RightTrianleRepeatNum.java
 IfBasicJava.RightTrianleRepeatNum
IfBasicJava/RATnumincreaseBYyone.java
 IfBasicJava.RATnumincreaseBYyone
IfBasicJava/PyramidCreation.java
 IfBasicJava.PyramidCreation
IfBasicJava/FlyodTriangle.java
 IfBasicJava.FlyodTriangle
arrayExcersize/ArrayContsinsNO.java
 arrayExcersize.ArrayContsinsNO
arrayExcersize/SrotingIntegerAndStringArray.java
 arrayExcersize.SrotingIntegerAndStringArray
arrayExcersize/AddSpecificnoAtindex.java
 arrayExcersize.AddSpecificnoAtindex
arrayExcersize/MInandMAxNo.java
 arrayExcersize.MInandMAxNo
arrayExcersize/DuplictenuminArray.java
 arrayExcersize.DuplictenuminArray
arrayExcersize/DuplicteStringInArray.java
 arrayExcersize.DuplicteStringInArray
arrayExcersize/CommonElementInTwoArray.java
 arrayExcersize.CommonElementInTwoArray
arrayExcersize/Removeduplicate.java
 arrayExcersize.Removeduplicate
arrayExcersize/SecLargeElement.java
 arrayExcersize.SecLargeElement
kushAssignment1/MIssingNumInarray.java
 kushAssignment1.MIssingNumInarray
kushAssignment1/ArrayEquality.java
 kushAssignment1.ArrayEquality
assignment2/PosiAndNegandSumofeach.java
 assignment2.PosiAndNegandSumofeach
IfBasicJava/EvenNumBYStrem.java
 IfBasicJava.EvenNumBYStrem
assignment2/FrequencyofChar.java
 assignment2.FrequencyofChar
